Fix command output + Improve editor setup docs (#581)
tweag/nickel: lsp/README.md

### (Neo)Vim

Before proceeding install the [Nickel syntax highlighting plugin](https://github.com/nickel-lang/vim-nickel) using your Vim plugin manager.

> Without this plugin your LSP client will not start NLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this plugin your LSP client may not start NLS on nickel source files.
```
I think it can work without on coc.nvim with the right configuration.
